Looking at the elite cards. J should be 12 attack 12 health, Q should be 13, K should be 14 and Aces should not have attack and health.

after I picked my elite cards I got a message "You drafted 8 Elite cards. Select exactly 4 cards (exactly one Jack, one Queen, one King, and one Ace) to form your deck!" - I have never gave such instructions. both players should have 8 elite cards, not 4. 

I drawed my card and it was an Elite card. I think the elite cards are not spaced good enough, I have 18 normal cards and 8 elite cards. in the beginning i should start with 6 normal cards, that leaves 12 normal cards. So the deck should be from last to first card (E for elite, N for normal): E,N,E,N,E,N,E,N,E,N,E,N,E,N,E,N,N,N,N,N

I picked diamonds and picked the draw option but it gave me haste. next time I picked haste and it gave me draw. I think they are swapped. Spades and clubs are also swapped. 

Every player should be able to play 1 card per turn. 

Every card when introduced to the board should not be able to attack immediately. 

When playing against AI I want each play to have 3 seconds in-between so that I can actually see whats happening. 

Ace of spades is a consumable card, it either goes under another elite card or after doing its other effect - goes to the defeated pile.

Each stunned card should have an indicator for turns left stunned. 

We need to change the mechanic of spades. Power one should be attack all enemy cards with damage same as card damage and automatically get defeated or to attack one enemy card and stay on board. No excess damage for the enemy's life points for eather power. 

there is a bug when I end my turn - both boards get the same cards for a while. Find what is the issue with that. when changing turns the whole board changes in a way. that is unnecessary because I am battling an AI.

tank cards should be indicated in some way that they are tanking

when I player gets to 100 health and below he can play up to 2 cards per turn, when his health goes above 100 he can play 1. If the health is 50 or less then the player can play 3 cards per turn. (there should be an indicator next to the LP that shows how many cards the player can play)

Aces of hearts cannot go underneath an elite card of hearts. Same for the rest.